Okay. So moving along
with our development process,
so in step two, we're in our right code
to make the test pass.
And at the moment, we simply have the stub in here
for just doing a fail.
Let's go ahead and start writing some real code or whatever.
So I know for divisible by three, we should print, Fizz,
and so that's the expected value for DivisiblebyThree.
And then I'll set up this assertion here,
assert equals expected,
and I'll call FizzBuzz.compute on three.
And based on the specs here,
we know that this should return Fizz.
But you're probably wondering,
well we don't have a FizzBuzz class yet.
Okay, that's fine.
Let's go ahead and create the FizzBuzz class.
Again, test driven development.
Our tests are driving the development here.
And for this class,
make sure you choose the target destination directory
of src/main/java, because it's going to be our main code.
That's where the FizzBuzz class should reside,
so src/main/java.
All right, so we have this FizzBuzz class.
There's nothing there right now.
That's fine.
So there's our test.
And if we go look at the main,
then we send the src/main/java/tdd,
there's the FizzBuzz class.
So again, just as a checkpoint, make sure the FizzBuzz class
is in the main section,
and the FizzBuzzTest is in the test section.
Now, swinging back over to our test,
and one small change here.
Let me just change the method name here,
instead of computer I meant to say compute,
so FizzBuzz.compute.
Now, we don't have that method in the FizzBuzz class.
So let's go ahead and create the method compute
in the FizzBuzz class.
Excellent.
So if here's our method compute,
and this is where we're going to have our logic.
Right now, we'll simply just return null.
Just kind of stub it out.
And then, we'll kind of refine this over time.
Now, if I run my test, so I have my expected assert equals,
we're expecting Fizz, we do a FizzBuzz.compute on three,
we run it.
And of course, we know this test is going to fail,
and we can look at some of the details here.
So Divisible by Three, and we have our message,
Should return Fizz.
Expected was Fizz.
The Actual was null, right?
Cause we simply just said return null,
we didn't do any real work here, but no problem.
We have a failing test, and we can simply update the code
to make the test pass.
One thing I'd like to do is just copy these specs
or rules here, and actually place those
in our FizzBuzz.java class,
just so I can kind of keep myself on track,
as far as what we need to do.
Now, let's work on a piece here for divisible by three.
And to check If i is divisible by three,
we can make use of the Modulus operator.
So if we give i % 3 == 0,
that means that there's no remainder.
that means that this number is divisible by three.
So again, using the Modulus operator.
If i is divisible by three,
then we simply return, Fizz.
We can save that.
And now, we can run our test.
And we see that we have success.
Divisible by Three, that passes a okay.
So again, this whole test driven development.
We wrote a failing test.
We wrote a small bit of code to make the test pass.
And now we simply kind of repeat the process.
Now, let's write another failing test.
And so, I'll cover for the case of divisible by five.
And I'll just copy the previous test.
I'll zoom in here and make some updates.
So this is for Divisible by Five.
Update the names here, update the order.
And for five, we expect Buzz.
Okay, this looks okay.
But now, this is our failing test, right?
So it's going to fail the first time out,
because we don't have any implementation code
in place for the case of five.
So Divisible by Three passes,
but Divisible by Five fails, expected Buzz,
but we got null.
Okay. No problem.
So now we have a failing test.
We swing back into our code,
and we modify our code to make the test pass.
And then I'll check if i is divisible by five.
In this case, we return Buzz.
All right.
And let's run our tests one more time.
And yes, success.
All right.
So Divisible by Three passes and also, Divisible by Five.
So you can see how, kind of over time,
we're going through it and we're solving the problem,
We're solving the solution,
and we're doing it one test at a time.
So this is a good example here
of doing some test driven development.
We're not done yet, right?
We still have some more things to do,
but we're making it through our task list here,
and we have some success so far.
We still have some work cut out for us,
but we are making some progress.